docs(router): update quickstart guide on when routeTree generation occurs (#3239)
TanStack/router: docs/framework/react/quick-start.md

#### `src/main.tsx`

> Regardless if you are using the `@tanstack/router-plugin` package and running `vite`/`npm run dev` or manually running the `tsr watch`/`tsr generate` commands from your package scripts, the following file will be generated for you at `src/routeTree.gen.ts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of whether you are using the `@tanstack/router-plugin` package and running the `npm run dev`/`npm run build` scripts, or manually running the `tsr watch`/`tsr generate` commands from your package scripts, the following file will be generated for you at `src/routeTree.gen.ts`.
```
